Allow local caching of Git repositories (#2446)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst: doc/backend_vars.asciidoc

VIDEO_ENCODER_BLOCKING_PIPE;boolean;0;Whether the pipe for writing data to the video encoder should be blocking or not. Making it blocking might allow following the live view in realtime despite large screenshot file sizes but it is not a well tested configuration
DEFAULT_CLICK_SLEEP;float;0.15;Default single click time in seconds
DEFAULT_DCLICK_SLEEP;float;0.10;Default double/triple click time in seconds (both press time and interval between clicks)

> GIT_CACHE_DIR;string;;Directory for locally caching Git repositories when handling Git URLs in variables like `CASEDIR` and wheels

Reviewer: You should also explain that this acts as a switch as in

```suggestion
GIT_CACHE_DIR;string;;If set enables locally caching Git repositories in the specified directory when handling Git URLs in variables like `CASEDIR` and wheels
```
